it's Monday morning very very early I
just got to our pro rehearsals and we've
got eight hours to do today because we
have two dances to do so early we I woke
up today with the sun's still not being
out I don't think there's much Sun today
actually that's right anyways I'll keep
you I'll keep you guys in tuned with
what's happening today very exciting a
exclusive can't wait wait wait Aaron
what is it Aaron I can't no see I'm
gonna know the boys are so we just
finished the first dance and we're
sitting down having some lunch very
exclusive footage for you guys
everybody's working very very hard
I'll tell us about the number that
you'll be choreographing today the
number that I'm doing today is a Motown
number it's quite long three minutes
there's a lot choreography in that and
it is cha cha cha cha cha cha and how
many couples are going to be in it will
be five couples so exciting this is
there any exciting choreography in it or
like crazy Jake there's lots of
repetition unfortunately I didn't get to
interview Anton but I did get to
interview Ian so I hope you'll enjoy
that and